in the beginning of this, the anthropocene era.
life was pristine, resonating impact; the instigator's arrival.
densely populating smashing biodiversity.
altered climate accelerating exacerbated by our human activities.
we used it up, we wore it out, we made it do what we could have done without.
machines to make machines fabricating the end of all living things.
sacrificing all morality, the ends never justify the means.
technology defines the ages; our human history burns its own pages.
under the sun and in the light of day we throw this all away.
instinctual devotion to annihilation.
eradication, mass predation; manufactured extinction.
the powers that be are you and me.
these enemies of inconvenience; undertakers.
entire species erased.
millions of acres defaced.
nonrenewable.
fuck this flesh.
curating distress.
composing our dirge.
true nature emerged.
under the sun and in plain sight a tragedy has been designed by hands of cultures intertwined in greed and cruel ways of life.
infancy sheds the warning.
an evolution of ignoring the imminent.
undetermined future of wrongdoing.
our fruits withering, their luster lost to the aether.
surround us with your ignorance.
smother us in environmental dissonance.
take what's yours and leave the rest to rot.
be the bastard decency forgot.
never think.
never look back.
no immediate gain nothing to lose, no one to blame.
seven billion other idiots thinking the same.
exponential is the loss, the future's not a game.
the prophecy was true and every threat has been retained.
oh, the prophets speak of calamity through their corpses.
predetermining the fates of future generations.
heed their warnings now, all humans bear the cost.
the clergy of doom, the prophets of loss.
certain doom; assured destruction of finite ecosystems.
you may not know it now, but your children are fucked.
and their children's futures are ruined, they'll take part in the ultimate do in of earth, resources, the grand undoing.
sustainability unobtainable.
heed this warning now, as you carry the cross.
from the clergy of doom, the prophets of loss.
we fucking die tonight and that's perfectly alright with me.
imbued atmospheric sepsis, my contribution.
to this assembly of disorder.
infiltrating insidious species specific disease.
capitalizing casualty hoarder.
i am the history of adaptation materialized.
judge, jury, trial and error.
i am the one you look for under your bed at night.
hell born unspeakable terror.
no god would ever have created me.
nothing could be so insane.
this nature that makes us; inherited disgust.
animal and inane.
inside of you.
in the host i will spawn; multiplying, dividing, fucking taking over.
all that you know is gone; corruption of phylum, genus, kingdom, order.
you cannot go on; i am the scythe that's cutting you down.
pandemic; scourge, human bodies are purged.
within the minds of every one of us.
lies of piety, truths of lust.
deep inside of everyone alive.
a plague that can't be denied.
poisonous. parasitic. infectious. pestiferous.
endemic. indigenously malignant. contagious.
alone, a plague. together, a curse.
ravenously consumed, pre-humously doomed.
we shit where we eat and we eat it all.
within the minds of every one of us.
lies of piety, truths of lust.
deep inside of everyone alive.
a plague that can't be denied.
turn us to ashes.
reduce us to dust.
we cannot perish.
fast enough.
the human animal.
so similar in so many ways.
to our mammalian counterparts.
experimented on in torturous ways.
we've freed the specimen.
we've taken over the facility.
we've captured these torturers.
time to teach them some humility.
syringes filled with dihydrodesoxymorphine.
i've combed the streets in search of hypodermic.
needles and dirty sharp hoarding.
all aboard this ship of fools, this train of pain is finally boarding.
tendinous disintegration, irreparable musculature goring.
ah these shameless ways we get our fix.;.
we get our kicks off human suffering.
through puncturing the skin accidentally restructuring.
epimysium covering.
no need for anesthetics, your research for cosmetics landed.
you here on my gurney, hurting, gurgling diuretics.
tube in your anus leads to open sores creating sepsis.
septic shock sets in; no asepsis in my cold aesthetics.
apathetic, yet frenetic, simply unsympathetic,
shredded limbs needing prosthetics, best to just call off the medics.
how does it feel?
multi-dermal peel; that shall never heal.
these clandestine ways; of distributing pain.
diseased train of thought; krokodil rot.
oh this desire to see your limbs on fire.
this sick exhilaration of total excruciation.
ah these shameless ways we get our fix;.
we get our kicks off human suffering.
through puncturing the skin accidentally restructuring.
epimysium covering.
now i believe i've seen everything.
of what this subspecies is capable of producing.
why do we do these things?
is this the meaning of human being?
bleeding is believing.
come one, come all.
to the most pointless show on the earth.
an exploration of the depths we can sink to.
linked to our inherent lust for torture.
bring out the children there's still time to.
teach them the ways of human slime.
to ignore the compassion they have inside.
dominion over leaving beings, degradation behind the scenes.
maliciousness within our genes.
unwittingly caged for transport.
city to city, unable to move.
separated from contentment.
only for human entertainment.
i hate you people. you deserve to die for you are evil.
in the delight of suffering, shame finds its bed.
lies down and in its slumber kills common sense.
with the price of admission, prepare to teach your children hell.
they'll learn the word submission well.
growing up submitting to the ignorant, swollen coffers.
growing up ignoring all the worst that humans have to offer.
i hate you people. you deserve to die for you are evil.
i hate you people. you deserve to die.
in the delight of suffering, shame finds its he'd.
lies down and in its slumber kills common sense.
we had it all.
the whole of eden in our hands.
the privilege of existence.
the ubiquitous lay of the land.
we suffocate ourselves.
we defecate on the product line.
fell under our own spell.
carelessly crafted hell.
you can’t escape your own rape when you’re not the only rapist.
too many people in this world to simply forgive, to only forget.
obsessive procreators.
destined for failure.
mine eyes caught staring through these mercenaries.
ashamed that i am of the same class .
carnivora, primates, rodentia, mammalia.
no reason to suffer anymore.
not today, in this day and age.
the stench of sulphur, brimstone-lined shores.
lake of flames; is this day and age.
as a human, slave unto my acumen .
request to defect, reject this sect imperfect.
too many people in this world.
to simply forgive, to only forget.
obsessed with ideas of saviors.
destined for failure.
perturbing vertebrates.
articulated subordinates.
scatter.
sociopathic pervasive demographic.
the messiah, the humans, these ingrates, goddamn them all.
contaminate, infested, adulteration; hominoidea.
of all the religions at our grasp.
of the ideals that we enact.
with all the past against our backs.
there's one thing we can agree on:.
we've made this goddamned place a toilet.
maybe it's high time we flush it.
any shreds of humanity left, we crush it.
so far up our own ass, it's bullshit.
turn loose the missiles, hear the sirens.
since our species knows is violence.
mutually assured destruction.
humanity's major malfunction.
completely ruinous.
absolutely deleterious.
detrimentally disastrous.
fundamentally preposterous.
categorically cancerous.
unquestionably gangrenous.
unconditionally hazardous.
unabashedly bastardous.
mutual assured destruction.
throughout our history and science.
we've killed the self and self-reliance.
we've formed a disturbing alliance.
our enemies become our clients.
with this natural non-compliance.
attacking earth; infectious virus.
since all our species knows is violence.
let mountains bask in utter silence.
mutual assured destruction .
humanity's major malfunction.
on this celestial body, third planet from the sun.
of earth, of terra, of gaia.
a spreading cancer, the self-destruct financer.
earth's largest natural disaster.
so this is what you want?
a world not suitable for life?
self-damning idiots, with traits abhorrent and hideous.
damn your traditions, god damn your religions.
shit on your systems, to hell with your decisions.
as long as gravity holds these two feet to the ground.
i stand here guilty in sadness and humility.
part of the problems; never to solve them.
in a way we have become culturally dumb.
how can you look me in the eyes and tell me you're proud of what you've done within this life?
ignoring the trash heap that is our daily lives.
a disparaging wasteland, a hell on earth paradigm.
extinction level living; the fate of all unwinds.
too ignorant, too selfish to read the warning signs.
so this is what you want?
a world not suitable for life?
self-circling vultures, damming garbage cultures.
fuck your traditions, fuck your religions.
fuck your systems and fuck your decisions.
how can you look me in the eyes and tell me you're proud.
of what you've done within this life?
your footprint can't dematerialize and when you die, look where you've left your children behind; a world unsuitable for life.
this precious hunger of which you hold so dear.
to the heart rushing blood to the limbs that will feed.
the gaping maw, always open for that which is dead.
just as long as its lost its head.
packaged in plastic from the factory to your table.
no longer willing or able.
to use the skills now diminished to merely fables.
food chains molested, now industrialized.
you clawed your way to the top only to scrape from the bottom.
sounds like a loser to me.
you've succumbed to apex blasphemy.
a causality of overpopulation.
machines take the place of hands to fulfill the demand.
vastly outstaying out welcome.
this world, where we are at in our so-called civilization.
the great diminishing of life-giving land and seas.
the grand unsustenance begins with unchecked procreation.
the abolishment of the laws of nature and order.
you clawed your way to the top only to scrape from the bottom.
sounds like a loser to me.
you've succumbed to apex blasphemy.
a causality of overpopulation.
no longer the king, no longer the queen, if you know what i mean.
we're only captains of our own ruination.
and then it came to pass.
we cracked the hourglass.
left paradise behind.
out of sight out of mind.
we never stood a chance.
against this sick romance.
we have with our demise.
we have with all of life.
with mouths open wide.
our footprint steps inside.
and when there's nowhere to hide.
death comes with the tide.
a nuclear accident.
vomits into the ocean.
an island of garbage.
forged by the discarded.
the constant trawling.
modifying habitats.
what the fuck are we doing?
biodiversity; now monoculture of deceased inhabitants.
the nets don't discriminate; unforgiving in this throwaway living.
as the coves exsanguinate the bodies, now gluttonous commodities.
purging more than they need; for the unwitting public and corporate greed.
paralyzed in fear, until all pods are eradicated.
they never stood a chance.
against this sick romance.
we have with every living being.
we have with every fucking thing.
long lining baited hooks, pelagic thievery, gluttonous crooks.
discarded secondary bycatch rendered useless, thrown overboard.
bottom trawling thus reveals the destroyed habitats; wiped off the map.
the life support of the ecosystems is pulled leaving only victims.
living in misery; the ways of fisheries.
one of life's mysteries; soon we'll all be history.
nobody's listening; classic conditioning.
this is the christening; extinction quickening.
we never stood a chance .
against this sick romance.
we have with our demise.
we have with all of life.
with mouths open wide.
our footprint steps inside.
and when there's nowhere to hide.
death comes with the tide.
as populations explode.
sustainability and all hope will erode; its time we reset the clock before the hourglass implodes on itself and on us,
its on us to adjust ourselves.
its time to dine on mankind.
an invasive species corrupting entirely.
humanity, a civilized society, oh the irony.
self-righteous organisms salivating at the thought of slavery.
permeating, enslaving with audacious depravity.
to recondition our eco-systems.
to reposition; man is now the victim.
cannibalistic invasivorism.
an indigenous reclamation.
through violence.
through hate.
through inhumanity.
au naturale.
its time we die for the love of life.
an unnatural practice, to restore balance, to combat the malice.
introduced by man.
thinning the herders, culinary murder.
eco-crusaders, eating the invaders.
to recondition our eco-systems.
to reposition; man is now the victim.
through violence.
through hate.
through inhumanity.
au naturale.
i could not be anymore negative if my life depended on it.
the look on my face of actual hate.
look in my eyes to peer inside; no light and no life.
i hope you die within my lifetime.
i wish nothing but the worst for you and everything you know.
conditioned by the acts you hide behind.
condemned to believe that this is how life should be.
i don't wish to spew this rhetoric, i've been damned with this voice.
i don't wish to be filled with hatred, i've been given no other choice.
this hostility, malicious enmity, the spite inside of me,
dark as pitch and black as night.
this cursed chemistry, an acid to clemency, pre-meditating helplessly.
if man cannot change the world.
we must live long and die out.
there's far too many of us anyway.
you are the proof that these are the end of days.
rationalize the status of your life on this earth.
actualize trampled worth as your life is reversed.
dehumanized, your re-birth, now dispersed in the hearse.
so brutalized, phlebotomized draining of life.
i don't wish to make these threats on your life.
i've been damned with this voice.
i don't wish to hate the whole of this humankind,
i've been given no other choice.
this hostility, malicious enmity, the spite inside of me,
dark as pitch and black as night.
this cursed chemistry, an acid to clemency, pre-meditating helplessly.
disaster comes in waves.
time in hunting us, running us down.
with a smoking gun pointed at our faces.
predators of the self and ecologically homicidal maniacs.
killing machines.
transfixed on ruining everything.
pale horse on the horizon.
the blood of billions staining the scythe.
manufactured eventuality.
decreasing quality of life.
death emissions.
born dead only to suffocate.
mass depletions.
karmic, modern day extinctions.
life less meaning.
equals nothingness.
never was.
keep on dreaming.
we are, always were, the problem.
damn the embracers of neutrality; fellow future fossils.
vine-like tentacles like insidious weeds.
ensnaring the earth, enacting the deeds.
of utter virulence of disregard of consequence.
the vainest organism on the fucking coffin earth.
death emissions.
born only to suffocate.
mass depletions.
karmic modern day extinctions.
here they come, the ones we've been waiting for.
here they come, the ones that will destroy the earth.
here they come, the ones that bring pestilence and war.
here they come, the ones that bring famine and death.
irrational, illogical and preposterously ludicrous.
denatured, deprogrammed to blindly.
go against what we are.
human ideas turned concrete, material.
our funeral drape now hewn from.
the fabrics of imagination.
turning the other check; this never worked withing the wild.
you'd be a meal in seconds; cycle of life and natural law.
no fight or flight? anything else is simply suicidal.
no love for enemies, i see their eyes;.
waiting there in the shadows.
extended hands will only be severed;.
you've condemned yourself to the gallows.
sighting the blind, sheltering the poor.
blood into wine, but all is fair in blood and gore.
sensational, unanimous, we need a hero.
unguided, this chaos that makes humans what they are.
how neutered, how secure, new drones to shovel the manure.
keep the masses sedated, validating their.
tendencies for hatred.
alas, so sweet are the sentiments.
aghast i stand in your ignorance unclean.
he must hate every one of us.
he would enslave every one of us forever.
no love for enemies, i see their eyes;.
waiting there in the night.
extended hands will only be severed.
death on two legs and onward!
the gestation has now mutated into what looks like a human.
it displays intellect and understands reproduction.
we should have stopped it before it got this far.
that writhing reject, that web-footed bastard child.
that spawn of animated lard, that curdled wad of embarrassment.
dripping mucus and leaving a trail.
released upon the populace this thing shall breed, emit its seed.
a monstrous mold of cells resembling jellied meat assembly.
a living, breathing piece of defecating meat.
two-legged massacre expressing glands in heat.
draining the bleed.
putrid will be its offspring.
filtered through genetic anomaly.
a throbbing, misshapen slug of a human being.
mucus crusts on your pink skin, shined by sebaceous sebum.
fucking ugly and disgusting.
the missing link between feces and humanity.
when i try to speak through my spurthole.
i simply choke on the mucus like.
when i try to examine my asshole in the mirror.
for polyps or whatever you call it, i erupt.
we are living, we are breathing, we are pieces of defecating meat.
a living, breathing piece of defecating meat.
descending on the earth contaminated seeds.
ripe with disease.
fear breeds contempt in the hear of a man.
one has to question this common trait:.
why do we hate what we don't understand?
forced into a body and damned with intelligence.
shoved into a soul, wired with circuitry you cannot control.
a tradition so ancient that evolution will circumvent.
hell-bent on ideals instilled since birth.
a price on life; the fleshes worth.
somewhere in this organism's development.
a separate path taken; possible defect awakened.
some feel it was simply a choice and use morality.
to strengthen their voice.
for this rather christian indoctrination.
we have such sights to show you.
the gimp shall get to know you motherfucking biblically.
it's bound in human leather.
desensitized, its sanity weathered.
to the wall your arms and legs are tethered.
say hello to your new gender.
first we start with your private parts.
snip cremaster -your testes fall apart.
pain makes you faint as i slit your taint.
while you're unconscious i just wait.
now you're awake, just in time as i make this incision.
the next step in your sex revision.
a slice up the shaft and around the corona.
unsheathed penile muscle exposing the urethra.
welcome to forced gender dysphoria.
how does it feel to be a woman now and not a man?
unnatural and unclean!
lord, please forgive them as this is not what they mean.
are you there and are you listening?
why would you even let this happen to me!
shut up and take it.
just accept your new life.
look at it this way, you'll make a dashing wife.
as for your new husband,
we had to perform a hysterectomy.
but, we managed to save your penis,
and stapled it to her pubis.
in order to elude tissue rejection.
for seven days she must avoid erections.
since we grafted glands to make a clitoris.
these operations are always hit or miss.
an evolution of the self-destructing human parasite.
a revolution; an advancement of human technology.
a dissection; of the birth-given sexual organs.
a solution; to the world's overpopulation.
now for the fun part; i introduce this:.
my new cradle of judas:.
perineal puncturing device also juices the fruit of the human.
as force is applied, grinding and winding intestines and.
inside around it like a drill bit; turns anatomy into a visceral.
swill grating, excavating and making its way through the.
body like a bore; finding its way out the.
mouth announcing the gore.
skinned alive and left there dangling,
being cured by the heat of the sun.
attracting flies depositing their larvae, a caviar-like garnish to.
the dehydrated rump.
obsessing myself with the meat.
caressing the threaded striations.
tonguing the smeg form the nose to the feet.
death tastes so sweet to a gristle licker.
to die in love with the carcass inanimate.
to live in lust for the fetid flesh.
tempted by gore for our sex to contaminate.
suddenly tonguing the bloody mess.
the drip; i lick.
meat sheets bleed seeping, slipping in the slick.
gristleized reek on my breath and my teeth.
stinking bacterial spute in the yeast.
gristle licker.
with my newfound lust of the.
grotesque nature of human flesh.
i am become death; the destroyer of humans.
with this newfound love as purveyor of human flesh.
i am become death; the destroyer of all.
suck the marrow from the fatty osseous deposits.
tongue every membrane, lick it clean,
oh how i love to sheen.
till i can see my reflection in its sanguinous,
crimson pigmentation.
perfumed reticulocytic combustion collected by the spleen.
tantalizing me.
sodomic jugging of dead mucus secretes ejaculate upon the chest and the mouth.
the peritoneal humors molest themselves.
on dead erythroid cells.
spuring, dripping, clotting upon my skin.
gristle licker.
with my newfound lust of the.
grotesque nature of human flesh.
i am become death; the destroyer of humans.
with this newfound love as a purveyor of human flesh.
i am become death; the destroyer of all.
a vast hormonal elevation; begins.
nasty ovulatory phase; brutal malaise.
the constant shedding of chunks;.
strip-mining cavern of blood.
ovarian follicle ruptures; discharging ovum in spurts.
the uterus as a weapon.
a gross underestimation of vaginal deception.
fallopian fenestration.
bulbous with inflammation, read for the penetration.
an aperture in need of a catheter.
the flow is too heavy; destroying the levee.
one half of the reason for overpopulation.
projectile ovulation; a uterine explosion.
bursting forth, a river of sanguineous hell.
a slough from her trough and passing out from the smell.
ketones, platelets and hemoglobin;.
erythrocytic disgorgence.
oxygenated molecules agglutinate to your face.
directly i ingest from the abscess.
profusely redirect the spewt onto the sunday dress.
each and every human is an object.
i've only torture for my subjects.
subjected to very distorted objective view of this species;.
humanity and what should happen to it.
i concur, they're idiots, both male and female pieces of shit.
kill me, i'm dreaming of lifeblood zygote streaming.
breeders on an earth already teeming with bastards.
bent on over breeding and becoming the masters of a planet.
for which we've planned only disaster.
human reproduction: a massive stimulation of biological degradation.
environmental abolition.
grounds for accusation and total annihilation.
bleeding and breeding and in need of some terminating.
all genders.
all humans.
are disgusting wretched pigs for the slaughter.
what is this death wish we impose on ourselves?
apparently endless display of ill intentions.
look! see how far we've come?
global insemination of our practice; fucking the masses.
we're coming to kill you.
your name is engraved on the knife.
reaping, controlling, absorbing your life.
look! how we've locked ourselves in a self-made hell from.
which there is no redemption.
through the rise of technology, we lost our humanity.
trash heap lobotomy, self-imposed sodomy.
we are undertakers, rapists and future failures.
inter the world with our filth, from day one,
should have been killed.
we rise to the slaughter of the essence of our being.
we're ripe for the slaughter, but live to ruin another day.
a species that boasts of overdose.
that takes pride in deriding all other forms of life.
even our own.
the advent of technology; beginning the disease.
there is no survival when we are liable for everything that is.
wrong in this world.
the lifestalker.
reaping, controlling, absorbing the.
essence through only our presence.
we must be stopped.
this is suicide.
this is how we die.
this is the end of life.
the ouroboros.
this hill of compost grows by our own gross.
mistakes and the demands that they've made.
execute the lifestalkers.
damn us.
kill us.
suck us dead.
this pain so inconceivable, the amount of blood.
on the floor is unbelievable.
destined to die.
i play the game of hope while my intestines.
swing like jump rope.
splashing the plasma, circling vultures inhaling miasma.
forget the life i hated, shan't be resuscitated.
inflated and bloating pieces in pools of disease and floating.
this sea of muck like standing water.
waiting for my slaughter.
putrescence now suffocating the last breath of life i'm hating.
life is a nightmare.
i live a lifemare.
begging for mercy; do not resuscitate.
the piles are steaming, the floor beneath.
my feet apparently is bleeding.
my wounds still seeping.
blood on flesh undressed, possessed.
having sex with the excess.
my temple stuck to the floor; at one with the gore.
this desire; inherent, suicidal and disparaged.
cannot be blamed.
i suffered this bullshit life; threatened with helter skelter.
felt the damning hand of man and.
suffered underneath its shelter.
forget the life i hated, shan't be resuscitated.
ablated, serrated pieces of a life so over-rated.
this heap of garbage called a body, like a landflill; rotting.
pure hate is now strangulating this last breath of life.
i'm waiting for this life to end.
i'm waiting for the end to begin.
i'm waiting for you people to die.
i'm waiting for the end of the line.
life is a nightmare.
begging for mercy; do not resuscitate.
i live a lifemare.
begging for release; do not resuscitate.
continents of trash of which you've laid your stake.
on a mountain of garbage, from your hands it was made.
there stands the monolith of inhumanity.
an indestructible testimony of a technological society.
you alone are your disposal.
a lifetime of stains wasting away slowly down the drain.
no mercy, no reprisal.
no second chance.
from junk we have emerged.
slaves willing to serve.
our own damning demands from our own damning hands.
de-evolved man.
at dawn we rise to an apocalyptic paradise.
where we take our fill.
where life is killed.
where death lays his bones.
where we hang the rope.
where we take our toll.
where we dug our hole.
encroaching byproducts of which disasters are made.
on a mountain of garbage, springs a fountain of carnage.
there we emerge from the monolith of inhumanity.
an indestructible testimony to a doomed society.
you alone are your disposal.
a lifetime of stains wasting away slowly down the drain.
no mercy, no reprisal.
no second chance.
from junk we have emerged.
slaves willing to serve.
our own damning demands from our own damning hands.
de-evolved man.
here in the garden.
we know not what we do.
made to lie in pastures of green.
left to die unclean.
if we were promised heaven then why put them through hell?
if we were promised heaven then why are we in hell?
murder the day, ring in the night.
as i unfold my death bed down on the muddy ground.
this soil is tainted.
every seeping wound unattended; infected.
from the toils of man and his damning hand.
a king has only to fall.
weakening legs are breaking down.
punished, diseased, taking i tall.
once we are freed, we'll starve again; instinctive mutation.
once we are bled, they'll start again; unnatural burden.
here in the garden.
we know not what we do.
made to lie in pastures of filth.
left to die, guilty of nothing.
if we were promised heaven.
then why are we in hell?
murder the day, ring in the night.
screams slip through the door from the torture floor.
this room to be a cemented tomb.
scraping raw my feet upon the bloodiest concrete.
death looms since conceived in the womb.
ever so slowly.
slows to a crawl on hands and knees and all.
dehumanization of a totally pathetic species (evolved feces).
justified hatred for you humans.
justified vengeance on your worthless lives.
justified hatred for you humans.
justified vengeance on your worthless lives.
once we are freed, we'll starve again; instinctive mutation.
once we are bled, they'll start again; unnatural burden.
force-fed and bred on toxins; involuntarily introduced.
gagging on the juice; initiated regurgitation.
progressive organ failure; to the vomitorium i will cater.
leftovers fed to the gators and homovorous human-haters.
total systemic regurgitation.
vomiting complex viscera.
facial fenestral spewage; human visceral sewage.
exploding insides; lateral hemorrhage of contents.
excessive disgorge of organs; within the gore someone can feel born again.
an expulsion through laryngeal foramen.
unmitigated.
auto-erotic.
digestive disposal.
excretes anatomy.
i feel alive when i expel everything inside.
stomach deflates, contents dispersed on my plate.
with every orifice i defecate.
every system and organ will be heaved.
this exposition must be seen to be believed.
regurgitated anatomy; an exposition of insides.
this systemic regurgitant; a warm rejection of life.
knee-deep in liquified chunkage; immoral gastral spunk.
is surrounding me and splattered upon my pale complexion.
expulsive breach of acids are what i shall take a bath in.
intestine, lungs and a liver put to shame the bathtub shitter.
i feel alive as i gag the gush, turning my guts into wine.
within integumentary conscience plays a role.
life in expectorate no longer takes a toll.
vomiting everything.
