The vampire from nazareth rides to the land of secrets.
Finds all the traces left behind with sword in hand.
The covenant, a cross baptised in blood the nectar of the gods.
Making wrong seem right.
Destroy all the traces left behind with sword in hand.
The covenant, a cross baptised in blood.
Waves of arms, we offer the sun.
The wolf is wearing the pelt of the lamb, we offer the sun.
With thorns his crown, we offer a son.
Ravens on the top as angels fly, we offer the sun.
With thorns his crown, we offer a son.
We offer the sun.
A great mass of death.
Ceators, evoke your tragedy.
Betrayers, you cannot deny your lust for destruction.
Predators, dance once more waltz with the flesh of your prey.
Your sharpened teeth will sink in a passionate kiss.
There is no hope for redemption.
In every funeral I have been, your cemetery is so secrene, with gothic dark cathedrals.
I am the destroyer of life. I hear you chanting for me.
Again you try to find me.
You seek the one not willing to be found.
Unlike the places you have been, I am not confined by lines.
I am the dreamer of this realm, but not the dream inside.
I am the head outside the dream.
I am the headless mind.
Are you a breath of mine?
You cross my gates of space and time.
Am I the user of the gates?
I live a triangle life.
I am the dreamer of this realm, but not the dream inside.
I am the head outside the dream.
I am the headless mind.
Build me a monument conspirators.
Expand my theories to a world without end.
The pyramid god is watching.
Your pythagorian sign, five angles put in line.
Symmetry, a door through chaos.
You try to use the laws, but emotions stir your words.
Your thoughts are reaching me.
You call me by a non-forgotten name.
Divine, the star of the elements, in memory of angels fallen.
The path to all directions, the star of elements, a map you seek to unfold.
Five angles are your senses, a solid universe I am eager to explore.
In memory of angels fallen.
Your star ideogram, so ancient as our kind.
Those that the heavens roam in distant times a calling.
Dogs on the run, foam on their mouths, the scavengers approach as they run from the netherworld.
Savages erosive, massive are the jaws of oblivion.
In your dreams you hear a name.
Was it yours is it reclaim?
Autumn comes to claim the old.
You forget the past painted by you and you sink.
You cannot breathe in an ocean of grey.
Memories fade and you lose.
All you’ve gained, all your triumphs in vain.
Forget your face, time out of place.
Solid earth is now dissolved.
Water fills your empty world and you sink.
You cannott breathe in an ocean of grey.
The undead keep dreaming.
In 1981 when i was but a child, I had the strangest dream, something that still is haunting me.
A ray escaped my window blinds, a carrier of the morning light.
I opened my eyes, my clock was keeping time.
It was another normal day.
I thought i was awake.
The undead keep dreaming.
My face, when I looked at the mirror, I felt something was wrong.
A strange thought in my head, am I really awake?
I found myself again in bed, confused by what occurred and everything as usual just seemed to be in place.
But when I questioned what I felt in front the mirror black, the comfort of the morning light was stolen from my heart.
In agony I tried to leave this dream and just wake, but on and on I found myself returning to my bed.
I lost the count of times I tried and failed to reach the day and even now I am not sure if I am here awake.
Long ago I swore an oath to levitate my soul above the things that seal me, those trying to deceive me.
I fought on psychic wars the raids of mind control.
I closed my ears to sirens, their song I killed with silence.
On fields of mist with thoughts from gold, I am rising as a sun.
Destiny and victory are giving me their wings.
Through will and strong desire I am rising.
I fought many wars and bled and cried and lost, but i kept fighting on until I reached my goal.
Destiny and victory have healed my broken wings.
A god that wants to die.
Why is obtaining knowledge a reason for punishment?
Stupidity is definitely not an option for the truly powerful leader who is leading who and to what end.
Why has revelation of truth apocalypse been connected with the sense of great awe and great disaster?
Mankind desperately needs someone else to clean up its mess and a scapegoat to blame for its own faults.
Is human a parasitic organism on the body of earth?
Is this the horrid truth that will be realised at the point of no return?
When a parasite sucks the lige of its host completely it also dies.
Is man a suicidal god?
Will the paradise of earth burn in flames.
Bring us the end. Harvest the crops of men.
Horrid winds are blowing today, hear them, it is the wrath of Cain, bringer of plagues and disease.
Doom leads your hand, writing the apocalypse.
A gods that wants to die.
A tragic kind of killer.
You will know the secrets of hell.
Your leaders revealed, shadows cover the naked kings.
You can turn paradise into a wasteland. It is your greatest design.
As tyrant you demand nature's powers to obey.
From suicidal wrath, no one will escape.
I feel so tired as if I walk for many miles.
What i see is a door leading out of this room.
I am prepared to confront whatever waits behind.
I left the room.  I am walking through a corridor.
It is so long that I cannot see its end.
A madman, the architect, this labyrinth has built.
All the choices I once made, the paths that I designed, have formed this endless labyrinth a product of my mind.
He is trapped inside the maze opening doors moving in circle.
If I can use your skin you are there for me.
If you can sense me I am still there in you.
Mirror world, mystery beyond the wall of skin.
Ecstasy bond of souls so clear as time withdraws.
Astral life runs through me our sacred unity.
Alien thoughts web of souls the eldest tree immortal.
A chord that binds the whole darkness surrounds us all.
Your shadow follows me your thoughts reflecting in me.
From dusk until the dawn a shape of things to come.
A lunar fantasy a different kind of me.
Ecstasy bond of souls so clear as time withdraws.
If i can use your skin you are there for me.
A chord that binds the whole darkness surrounds us all.
A wolf's shadow follows me strange thoughts reflecting in me.
From dusk until the dawn a shape of things to come.
Is it my fantasy a therion in me>
If I can use your skin you are there for me.
If you can sense me I am still there in you.
All my life I strived to gain insight to things that scare most men.
Through the dungeons of the mind I learned the tricks playing with fire.
Evil wears a weird facade invented to protect man's hate.
For the painful the unknown the feared and the forbidden I dreamed the devil was I.
Captive from philosophies that root on hopes like rotten trees.
I see the hanged men on their ropes which the harvester will rip these crops.
If their soul deserved a dime their chance is lost.
I want now all that i can get.
I dreamed the devil was I.
when all is none, so they promised you the stars, the happiness of your distant hopes.
But as you tried to catch the moonm its silver cape slipped through your fingers.
Fake was the dawn of their mortality you are drowning from the flow of your emotions.
When all is none, there is a miracle for every soul, an easy way to loose control.
The puppeteer and his dolls entertain the frantic crown.
Who would be the most competent guardian for you, than yourself?
Under detention even at your sleep, your life a white chalk on a small blackboard.
Raise the candles in the air and give the secret sign,
The temperature is dropping down, our breath seems now like smoke.
The guardians of the shadow lands blind the heathen eyes.
a phantom made from light with red we paint our fantasy until it breathes with might deciphering the code that releases the unknown.
We make the wanted possible.
Open your mouth and spit the buried coin.
The boat is ready to sail.
I am the ferryman, we will sail the river of woe.
On its brink is the end of hope.
A wind blew like the breath of a dying man and the waters spawned sounds from the motion of slimy reptile tongues.
my guests are many and they won't leave this peaceful place of fading screams.
On tunnels underground Chthonian delties mock the icons that turned blank the shades of the once beautiful.
Can you pay the fair?
Open your mouth and spit the buried coin, the boat is ready to sail.
Magic loves infinity, desire manifests with endeavour, a form of spiritual eroticism.
Magic is a goblet that seems hollow, a fountain strives to fill it to the brim.
A masquerade of visions so profoundly loved.
Shroud the murky eyes of the sorcerers.
Evoked from the vortex of their mind fields as waves they spread in circles to reach the endless sea.
On the land between the rivers where lions fly and serpents rule, I cross the road to the Ziggurat as darkness hides the moon.
I came to seek the advice of Inanna, the goddess of love and war, but the path is unclear like the words of a seer from the movement of the dunes.
Windy whisperers come from beyond the clouds descend with glory to the plane earth.
Gas shaped nauseous forms hide behind the storm as scorpions blended with the yellow red sand.
Before me are the steps that lead to virtual ascension, a mystical technology.
The mysteries of sumer manifest inside the chamber that sits upon the top of this artificial mountain.
My veins are black from the blood of tiamat.
My eyes are wide like the wheels of space and time.
My will is strong like a blow from marduk's sword.
I am no human now because I choose to know.
She chews its screws of sanity.
Losing parts of human seed as she lusts for electricity.
Plastic attitude gray emotions wear your cables and join with me.
Environmental therapy for the genes that threat security.
A new breed of mass murderers instructed from their parents to do the task.
The old hag looks so young in her dress of silicon.
A jungle in her heart made from concrete glass and metal.
Her kiss of methadone is a drug that steals control.
She wants her clockwork toy disconnected from the physical.
Wear your cables and join with me boring lives in entropy.
Silent, but not alone, you are waiting for the dawn to open the gates of the horizon so that you can get through.
The chasm that cuts in two.
The worlds of now and the worlds of ever casting your fiery arrows a hunter among the stars.
Up from your golden chariot, you throw the spear of time.
You act like a rightful tyrant, casting away the cold.
Your crown is the flame infernal, eating the heat of soul.
Silent but not alone, you are waiting for the dawn, to open the gates of the horizon so that you can get through.
The chasm that cuts in two.
The worlds of now and the worlds of ever the watchers.
The watchers learned to fly and bridged the realms defined.
The wealth was spreading far and wide a sorcery divine.
From the abode of heavens the seed of life was cast.
Celestial orbs and fireballs from conflict fashioned lands.
Nocturnal treasures glow and frozen crystals dance.
The wealth was spreading far and wide a sorcery divine.
They were called the feared.
They came to built the new empire to make a land of promise.
Protectors of the realms, these beacons in the sky, they warned about the cataclysm their sons that led mankind.
From the abode of heavens the seed of life was cast.
Celestial orbs and fireballs from conflict fashioned lands.
Nocturnal treasures glow and frozen crystals dance.
The transformation of the butterfly occurs in reverse.
Beauty eaten abruptly from the ancient worm.
My strange images nest as birds to the hearts of men.
As birds fly away taking their thoughts into oblivion disintegrating the elemental bonds, I obtain the rapture of the chameleon when I become enraged with the frenzy of the wolf on the hunt.
I am the most cherished child of fear, armed with fangs deadly like daggers.
I am an adept on the skills of murder.
I am the shape shifter.
In the ruins of a ghostly projection, echoes the lust for life, an ancient purgatory for the sinister.
Brotherhood of the fallen knights, when alliance has the value of a broken royal seal.
Heroic is the denial to bent to a flamboyant mighty siege.
Falcons are their arrows like a forest seem their sheilds.
Catapults are spitting wrath causing a waterfall of collapsing castle walls.
On anvils was methodicaly forged, a diplomacy of the sword.
A plot has provided the rope to hang the bloody flag of war.
Vow that no truce will stop the conflict.
Vierce if a purpose born from greed.
Brotherhood of the fallen knights with the emblem of the morning star justified all actions must be for honnor to rest untained.
Tomorrow has to car the lessons that will nourish the naire.
Vow that no truce will stop the conflict.
Fierce if a purpose born from greed.
Brotherhood of the fallen knights with the emblem of the morning star the eldest cosmonaut shrines.
In the mines of the darkest starm the one no jewel can never shine, a rode is left to point to styx.
Both its end can lead, both can deceive.
No traps can seize the eldest cosmonaut as time stands still incapable to breathe.
Once in clay, I allowed the decades to become a stone wall around me.
But at least i became the wall of decades.
Can you feel the wrinkles on my hand, they are yours, they are lines i once drew upon the sand.
That I am what your mind can never seal.
Black leather gloves on soft thin hands.
Red celtic knives sharp as your touch.
Hunting eagle proudly land on this island that is my heart.
Twin mirrors blue cold lakes consealing fire.
Red coral hair a dazzling ruby dome.
Hunting eagle proudly land on this island that is my heart.
Elegance combined with grace dressed your marble smiling face.
Tranquility, how necessary, how boring it can be.
The liquid void has no ears to receive the consolation of the surface.
Maybe it's better that way.
What does not touch does not hurt.
The innocence of a swan gliding on a desolate lake cannot be sensed and therefore cannot bring jealousy.
Entire worlds full of wonder are banished to rest only in few visionary minds haunting them with their glowing beauty.
Fortunately, there are always those with the forked tongue to bring the borders closer.
A fallen temple, faded pictures all over the walls, projecting a horrid state of sanity.
Figures that don't belong to a human race, symbols and maps, architectural miracles carrying the history of a race that now seems lost.
It lurks beneath as force of will.
In a dream I saw a man.
A face not strange to me.
He stared at me while I was asleep and whispered in my ear.
He led me through the corridors of my anscestral home.
He stoped one step before one wall and then I fainted.
In the eldest wall of my home I found the entrance of a crypt.
The view I saw was so obscure.
Alien remnants pentagrams and candless of the floor.
The crypt was made as a passage to the gates of reality and just when I realised the truth I was in a different shape.
I hear thousants of sounds like bestial laughs, deafening flutes, and daemonic choirs.
Possibilities fall under control unfolding new dimensions setting of the two suns.
In a world of endless light into the boundless space two suns the only gods two burning holes in the sky.
Without a warning the two suns slowly faded abandoning their only children unprotected from the cold.
Down on their knees they have total consience as night drains their spiritthe inner light of logic leaving the bodies to walk this blind planet.
Tt took a minute for a flame to become a fire.
The great cities will all become ashes drifting with the wind.
Most try to understand why they are born if they must die.
Life seems pointless with an end.
They wonder if existence remains after death.
